you know what is going on guys roll here
bring another GTA 5 video this time i
will show you an easter egg found the
babies the sex codes the beauties
they're called playboy bunnies that's
what they're called they are called sexy
girls okay we're going to check them out
right now we are in the Playboy Mansion
right now look how beautiful this is so
if you go for a walk you can see they've
got the outside pool with the cave and
which goes underneath and they're all in
their bikinis oh don't worry guys
they're not naked don't worry about I
wish to worry about here we go like them
all drinking oh yeah look at you oh just
gotta tell you something let me see let
me see oh yes yes yes guys that's what
I'm talking about let's get in to the
party look at me i'm showing off I'm a
black boy we're here can I join you oh
yeah let's sweetie Oh baby this is
amazing so yeah guys and based I just
wanted to show you this and I'll let you
see the rest of it right now and so
obviously and they've got at the back
they've got their coconut bar which is
amazing and they've got a big ass like
an area for what they play beach
volleyball and shit in their little
backyard cuz the con because the big hon
because they are the Playboy babes you
could you do get a 0 zoom back in here
zoom back
shit no no I did not mean to kick you
okay oh yeah guys and on the map I'll
show you right now and if you go here
and a rich man right there right there
now just grab a quick view of the big
mansion beautiful is it it's just
beautiful so yeah let's see actually if
we could see the order of the Playboy
Mansion that's our old guy told him
total legend like he is so lucky like
yeah luckiest guy in the world I I don't
think he's there but still very cool
little easter egg I hope you guys
enjoyed if so leave a like and comment
if you want to see more videos like this
and make sure to leave a comment and let
me know that you do and then ya guys I'm
hope you enjoyed raw is out and I'll
touch guys later so